use only official setup steps (#92)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-contracts-workshop: 0/setup.md

Follow the
[official installation steps](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/getting-started/) from the

> Substrate Developer Hub to get your macine configured **before you go any firther here**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substrate Developer Hub to get your machine configured **before you go any further here**.
```
